[Update] API key verbiage in docs (#437)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Augment reality to collect data/README.md

Note that unlike other scene samples, a basemap isn't shown most of the time, because the real world provides the context. Only while calibrating is the basemap displayed at 50% opacity, to give the user a visual reference to compare to.

> **World-scale AR** is one of three main patterns for working with geographic information in augmented reality. Augmented reality is made possible with the ArcGIS Runtime Toolkit. See [Augmented reality](https://developers.arcgis.com/swift/scenes-3d/display-scenes-in-augmented-reality/) in the guide for more information about augmented reality and adding it to your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**World-scale AR** is one of three main patterns for working with geographic information in augmented reality. Augmented reality is made possible with the ArcGIS Maps SDK for Swift Toolkit. See [Augmented reality](https://developers.arcgis.com/swift/scenes-3d/display-scenes-in-augmented-reality/) in the guide for more information about augmented reality and adding it to your app.
```
